to create totally new sounds the beets
in GT is packed with many innovative and
powerful technologies in addition to
very phrase condom and a vocal designer
it's equipped with new AP synthesis to
add a new level of expressiveness to
make full use of these technologies
division GG has twice the power of the
previous generation thanks to its dual
core structure let's check out the
incredible expressive list of the sound
when I get a new synthesizer I always
make this sound a lead guitar sound
maybe it's because I can't play the
guitar well but I made it again this
time it sounds like this
this utilizes the dual core structure
and it's based on two types of sound the
first one is the other one is the attack
of the picking noise when these are put
together plus if feedback oscillator
parameter is assigned to the modulation
lever and you can get feedback sounds
check this out
and a wawa is assigned to the time trip
pad so let me just go wild with this
sound
count
you